update plugin dir description (#502)
Akuli/porcupine: docs/plugin-intro.rst

Where are the plugins?
----------------------

At the time of writing this guide, making a new plugin usually requires some
changes to the rest of Porcupine, so you should start by following
`the developing instructions in Porcupine's README <https://github.com/Akuli/porcupine#developing-porcupine>`_.

Porcupine searches for plugins in two places. The plugins that come with
Porcupine are installed along with it, but Porcupine also creates a user-specific
``plugins`` folder in its config directory. You can check where it is using
Python::

    >>> import porcupine.plugins
    >>> print(porcupine.plugins.__path__[0])
    /home/akuli/.config/porcupine/plugins

You can also open Porcupine's about dialog from the *Help* menu.

Your plugin directory is empty by default.
The plugins that come with Porcupine are in a different ``plugins`` folder::

    >>> print(porcupine.plugins.__path__[1])
    /home/akuli/porcu/porcupine/plugins

In the rest of this tutorial, **the plugin directory** means the place where you
will put your plugin. It can be either of the two ``plugins`` folders.

> If your plugin will be included with Porcupine, then you shouldn't use your

Reviewer: > If your plugin will be included with Porcupine

Maybe something like "if you want to publish your plugin so others can use it"

Author: It's possible to publish a Porcupine plugin without including it in Porcupine, because it's just a Python file. It's fine to develop plugins like that with your user-specific plugin directory.

Reviewer: Ah right, so maybe "if you want your plugin to come with Porcupine"? "be a stock plugin"? – something similar.. "be included with porcupine" feels slightly unclear.

Author: I like "If you want your plugin to come with Porcupine". Thanks!

> If your plugin will be included with Porcupine, then you shouldn't use your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your plugin will be included with Porcupine, then you should not use your
```
